Model prompt >>> The breath of man and horse mingled, steaming, in the cold morning air as his lord father had the man cut down from the wall and dragged before them. Robb and Jon sat tall and still on their horses, with Bran between them on his  pony, trying to seem older than seven, trying to pretend that he'd seen all this before. A faint wind blew  through the holdfast gate. Over their heads flapped the banner of the Starks of Winterfell: a grey direwolf  racing across an ice-white field.  Bran's father sat solemnly on his horse, long brown hair stirring in the wind. His closely trimmed beard  was shot with white, making him look older than his thirty-five years. He had a grim cast to his grey eyes  this day, and he seemed not at all the man who would sit before the fire in the evening and talk softly of  the age of heroes and the children of the forest. He had taken off Father's face, Bran thought, and  donned the face of Lord Stark of Winterfell.  There were questions asked and answers given there in the chill of morning, but afterward Bran could  not recall much of what had been said. Finally his lord father gave a command, and two of his guardsmen  dragged the ragged man to the ironwood stump in the center of the square. They forced his head down  onto the hard black wood. Lord Eddard Stark dismounted and his ward Theon Greyjoy brought forth the sword. "Ice," that sword was called. It was as wide across as a man's hand, and taller even than Robb. The blade was Valyrian steel, spell-forged and dark as smoke. Nothing held an edge like Valyrian steel.
2021-08-23 04:50:15.126939: I tensorflow/stream_executor/platform/default/dso_loader.cc:44] Successfully opened dynamic library libcublas.so.10
 A cold war had broken out. The sword had traveled with it  and then had to be sent somewhere, somewhere, to strike down the foe. In two hours it had pierced the Iron Throne, and after six hours of war there was no man there for Robert III to beat down. "You are no longer a prisoner of the Dragon. Behold, I will hold all power, but my lords! You cannot call such a thing  , you can say it. There are  many who do the blood-and-spewing of our people  ," thundered Robb, glancing over the ragged wound. Jaime Lannister, holding  his arm as a blade, followed suit  and Jaime  stared deep into Theon's eye . The blade flew up to his head, glancing straight at him, "The traitor, the thief, the drunkard, I do not mean them to kill. They will not let him have a chance against my castle. I will hold them all. " "If the Dragon can not slay you, the Fire King has no time for you. You are my brothers," he declared wryly, in a voice that sounded like a jape as Robert turned, arms crossed, he saw through Cersei's long black hair, "but this man has no way of ending my day in his own place. I shall see to it that he kills or at least puts him back to our land. When I die my fate is sealed .") The old dragon eyed Robb . . ." There  been a long delay. "Tell ye the truth, Robert," cried Davos, glancing at the sword the hanger was held in the holdfast. "You have an idea. You must see to it that I have held his head  ." Ser Catelyn Stark had held one more , more —"I will save you my fellow-races," said his father as they looked up, and he looked down "there's no escaping it. It is the death of an old King, a young Stark, and you know well how dangerous its destiny is   ." Jaime sat up, with Robert at his side as the two knights drove off the man "


It was one evening. There were a great, thick grey sky, the grey of winter. When the cold did burn on the mountains as it had on the earth, the winds drew the sun . . . to their cold and the thunder as the men drove to slaughter their prey. Their
 spears and javelins and axes were all a piece of silver, but it was a thing with a certain charm and no danger. There was no more to fear, not even the blood of a single warrior  to bring to bear on that world where many of its inhabitants went missing. No one seemed to be moving or living after so long a day! They lay  to rest their fallen comrades, who as they rose on their heels and went out to the battle lines their dead but unarmed friends did not flee ; the knights came on at intervals to keep watch for others from being carried off to be sold to Blackwater and sold to Abydos . . . only a young woman named Cersei Lannister was left behind as he and her army took to the battlefield. It was a great day . . ." They were almost in the midst of a long flight when the sword came down with one swift motion. Jaime glanced to watch Jaime go down. "I cannot kill you  ," he spat. "I cannot win you to your lords . . . I am not able  ." Ser Catelyn drew down on his sword with a hilt. It hit in his arm, and was raised high. The black haired king and lord were all gone as the blood soaked from Jaime . "I am done . ." The red-headed boy looked away from the dagger his mother had brought to him. "Get out of here, Lord Jaime, and  ," said Ser Catelyn, he raised an iron blade near Jaime, "and I will put your sons and daughters away from here. They are not to blame, but  ," said Jaime , "it is my word if they cannot escape from me  ." Catelyn threw his sword low from his shoulders in the direction where Ser Catelyn and Ned Stark held a single arm each and stood up . Jaime felt the blade burn and cried  . . "He is gone!  ." Darynn the Little Hound was standing a long way, he could feel the blood on his face . The dragon's dark cloak of blood stained the snow that covered the snow that had fallen as a whole across the sky as Robb waited for them. When he got back up there was no sound but the roar of heavy, heavy footsteps that seemed to come from many quarters. As the old King sat, there came t hissing thunders: "M'am!" he yelled. Some of them stood with arms raised wide. They were crying and they clung to the dragons
. Ser Catelyn had never seen such the roar, and he did not need help at this young man's throat. He turned suddenly to see where his fallen comrades, both dragons and men and women, were. "Now, Lord Darynn ! " shouted Ser Catelyn as he and his men looked down on the battlefield. "This is an  ." said an elderly fellow with the right smile. "Dry water ! I shall find the rest of them who live ." The older man smiled a warm smile as he said "My lord.  ," but it was too late. He fell to his knees next to Ser Bran Stark who came before him with a deep bow. As the young King knelt upon his father's chair, his pale face reddened somewhat, in his sorrow as it burned . . . and as if it had had no other purpose than he had it in mind that he did not know it was gone . . . and the red dragon in blue armor stared into him. It was with a sad heart that I told the story as though only the dark king's blood had given it. Ser Geryd was the only remaining knight of the Seven Kingdoms to survive the fighting on a world wide battlefield . A single horse had broken off of a horsemen to kill one in front of one side before she got past him . . . but all the survivors died of blood-on-blood . . . no  , . . no , that was what we were told . . . this story will never die  ," Ser Geryd said , looking at Cersei , "you may just as well leave this for . . ." It was as if she knew that if she failed in that step and the dragon had come back, Cersei would be spared. For she must have been there already. As they stood and stared at each other as well the two dragons were silent while their bodies dived apart. There is very little time to prepare a narrative about what has happened . . . as well as why it has happened to them . . . when everything is suddenly lost amid the slaughter: . . .
Ser Geryd left his father and his old lord with his arms lowered and looking round to meet Dany, who was holding a book as well . . . there was none left to write on: as for Abydos, his blood wasn't so heavy that any words could tell where he rested for some seconds, but those few words of the book did. His eyes flashed with
 a sudden burning of emotion. The older woman, the wry smile was full of love . , she was about to kiss him, but her voice was a little stiff in the back . . . and when she said that, it sent a chill through the young man's blood, and his lips tightened around her. In one small step . . . his heart thudded. His face had become like a giant glassy mess , filled by the pain of the battle and of the dead . . . his heart seemed very heavy . . . Ser Brienne and Ser Barristan sat next to him again, the wry and solemn smile on their lips. "I believe . . . we saw it happen as we sat here for breakfast . . ." Ser Stark and Barristan, sitting on a stool and then standing back up, each carrying a long, clean sword and their arms folded around the old man again . . ." They stood and watched. As if the dragon had given them just a final thought . . . Ser Ser Barristan turned so pale that when he looked down at the dragon's face he knew he was dreaming of his beloved . . . and he felt so sorry for his mother . . . for his wife and his daughter. At the same time Ser Rhaegar took off one arm and clasped it in front of him and whispered a comforting little word after their long conversation . . . the red dragon turned so pale when in fact his soul had turned up with only blood left to it, even if it had only been blood . . . and it had not become more than a drop that had been splattered on the ground.
At his usual resting place he was able to see Ser Rhaegar in a moment with his pale face and the red dragon's eyes, his long hands gripping the spear and her dark eyes staring back directly into his heart . ." Ser Aemon had just arrived. When, after so many hours and long hours of prayer to the gods at Ser Daein and Tyrion's request, she had finally got word that his sword was to be put to battle and was waiting to attack , he was able to say no , never again would his face look like a bloodied dragon or a dragon of sorrow like he had in his world. A whole new dragon had been born in all these years and she would bring him the whole world of Tyken from Tywin Lannister to the Wall and she would go home for Ser Aemon to watch over his
 kingdom again , his future bride Ser Baelor would not let her in again, but once her maiden name was spoken by the king she would marry him and the dragon would be reborn as one of Tyrion's sons so he could go home, for she had only waited for his arrival a year before his son was born now from Tyrion Lannister and she was in tears and she needed help and the people of Tywin had a very difficult past. He had to go back after what she had done so that they could finish the job for her, but he did not want to risk that so she kept fighting. He had lost one year of his life at the hands of a sword-brother like Sansa Stark . Ser Aemon sat there with him staring at Bran's face when he had no longer to look at her, thinking he loved her but could not think of a way to help Ser Ser Barristan, for he had been born in Tywin's world and in his own, his mother came and brought him with him to his father, Ser Barristan. Ser Baelor looked at him from beside himself, knowing he had lost his mother in a terrible war when he knew his father wouldn't be proud to meet him if he failed to return to his life for Ser Ser Baelor, but after all, he was a little kid as well . , and as he was only 18yrs old he had learned to control himself by concentrating . . . but he still loved his sister because she saved the day after his birth by having him see his sister, he knew that she was a dragon like that , the dragon that could not live through that long without suffering a small loss . . . Ser Rhaegar had not seen much of it, not even the blood tears between his thighs . . . but he knew that Ser Rhaegar's father, Ser Drogon, who killed Lord Jon on his wedding day, had seen his father die before he could tell him the truth to Ser Aemon's sword, just at this moment of his death . . . the other day, when he had gone to do something he could not do himself to save him before, the dragon had been right at his door . . . It was a beautiful moment that his father could not even bear: he had died and had his heart broken by the sacrifice. Ser Rhaegar and his mother watched together, their eyes in the air as they watched. Ser Barristan was sad now because he thought
 he should do the things Ser Rhaegar had done for his father when he first was young, he had only one wish. Ser Rhaegar asked what the matter was to them so he could come out right and help him with the things that he had done. They were not to let him know the only reason it was so wrong was because the other one he cared enough was because they had to let him know he was loved. That was right too. He loved Ser Rhaegar, all his brothers had done for him but they had never been allowed to have any right to have any rights against his actions . . . not one of them was ever allowed to say their names to him, not once and not twice . . . and it must be expected that as a child, in the days after his birth, the younger one always spoke to him directly after seeing how he had survived, he spoke to the dragons before they were born, and he spoke directly to the dragons when they were in their early twenties. It would make you think he thought he had heard of it but that there is such a great deal of information behind this prophecy that we have to wonder if this is in any way untrue or a fraud, even if it was the case that he spoke his name to Tyrion just because he had already seen all the blood, his name was Tyrion and for the first time at this young age he had seen himself be human . . . only when he had lived it for ten years instead of eight did he realize the pain of going against his nature of thinking. But now he was afraid something was seriously wrong when he heard things like that . . . for he went on doing everything in his power to prevent his father from having the last word . . . the whole time waiting for him to die for him and in the second year of his life, Ser Arryn would finally bring Ser Aemon to the Throne of the Sun. But Ser Arryn was afraid that Tyrion might not come to Ser Barristan's side again and he knew that Ser Aemon did nothing for him when he could have turned and said everything. Ser Arryn went to the castle of Tyrion to the White Tower where Joffrey and Sansa took him before Arryn left a banquet for Ser Aemon and all of the rest of the king's servants . . . and after Arryn had finished dinner, Ser Ser Baelor led Ser Aemon right back over to the city of Orlyon to take the
 news of Ser Aemon and to bring up his brother Jon's brother to Ser Tywin's and the entire Dany clan as witnesses. The news from Dany was that Jaime was found safe in prison so Ser Lyanna had to die, Ser Lyanna is back and the truth will come to King's Landing when Brienne arrives . . . and we believe that all of this has been all about the prophecy that Ser Baelor promised to Tyrion that there would be no change so that they could see their brothers alive as Tyrion, the bastard king. There is much more to it then that you may understand. It may sound familiar that you heard the news about Yara where Tyrion told a lot about Arya, but it was not about Arya. It was a prophecy that had not come to Ser Tywin and he never left to get help from Lord Commander Baratheon for his family , especially that the White Walkers and their loyalists, Joffrey and Dany would come with him to defend him even as Tyrion was to fight Tyrion, who is about a thousand times more likely now for killing his wife and then the rest of the White Walkers when you ask Baratheon how they would go to save their children without any of them even knowing it, Baratheon only told what Jon Stark did before Dany killed Arya, that he wanted to kill all of her to get them back in his power because he was afraid of a war or a rebellion or perhaps they were simply waiting that the enemy would give up everything but Tommen the Unseen and a good man or three who could still fight. What it really was not about would be the rest, it would be Arya and a great number of other women the King had never seen all that men would think she was but not as many as Tyrion did . . . especially that he was so afraid he had to wait until that day to see what was going to happen. It just so happened before he had seen any of that stuff or anything about any of it. There were other, other things that happened but at that time things are almost identical. Jon could not say he was going to see what was happening and did nothing as Tyrion told them he would never see it, only because he was afraid that he would turn to Baratheon who knew more than the men who had helped him to get to Brienne because all that had happened to him to all of them was what his mother had told him
 all along. Even Arya didn't get to see that. The only women that did are Dany and Cersei who is more familiar, but most of the other women in the Darth family is her mother and sister that did not go, she was there to watch and hear all that was said. Tyrion always told that he needed people who wanted to come and help in all those terrible days in which he went and he kept that promise . . . but when Cersei came because Ser Jorah saw her lying in the shadows that night and tried on a hood like the one you wear to the White Tower that night with Jon having come in to help her and the fact that she told him everything about everything that had happened the entire time after the great events so all the women they had saved were gone forever . . . only Cersei didn't hear that as when Tywin was about to go to battle for his life and Joffrey just walked up and kissed a baby and he and all three were gone to go home as Jon was already going to get the Dornish army from Tywin to defend Dany and the entire family. Cersei didn't realize how bad things had gotten in the house that night when she called him and said that she and Ser Tommen would not meet so she turned and ran from the room screaming at her, she ran but no one came out from inside because it was too much and she could only scream her guts out for everyone at Bannersville in the city and Jon went back upstairs to Donslyt's with a little help from Lyanna Stark with a great party at night and he found that Ser Martell had a pretty good time and that when Tywin was taken he had been waiting for a girl that would make one hell of an announcement . . . but he had also been waiting for her and for all the people on the throne to go to his sister's wedding on Bannersville when his mother said she would be there on day two and he did. Ser Martell was at home with his parents and with Lyanna she had said to him that Jon's father told her in Bannersville but the last thing Jon knew in Bannersville was that her father had told her that he was planning on killing all of Melisandre and all his siblings just like he did in Bannersville when Jon had said to her his last line of the prophecy and then he went to Bannersville he had brought back and brought the old black men that they carried and
 then he went in and gave Ser Tommen a ring that gave out free if he went where he had heard of and then he brought Ser Martell a letter and in it Joffrey told him he'd given it in his name and the Lord King of Kings he brought back to Donslyt the young woman that Joffrey had loved and he had also got out of Eorrick Marsh and to Casterly Rock and back home and then to Melisandre which was to let Rhaegar and Jon get away from her so Rhaegar and Rhaegar never looked back. Tyrion had to walk with Jon off that night, Rhaegar had to talk to Jon and it was all he had. And I remember sitting on a bench on that night reading the prophecy and knowing the truth from my mouth because of that one time and it was kind of sad to have my wife so sad to tell us all the story of her brother because in that one moment she would tell Jon and he would turn the tables on him in Davenport and he would be on top of her head like he was nothing but he couldn't possibly have survived it he never even knew how it ended and he went through everything she went through even though he is a man now and she made all of everything happen that day for all eternity and her brother never understood and that is not to mention in this particular story when he went to Eorwood he never had seen his brother except after Dany went out to meet him. And now I can remember all that because in that one moment I saw everything and I couldn't possibly have been sad to all this. . . if Jorah was going to have a funeral where they were going to put her in a position where he'd say yes to this, she should have something and what would she have said if she had something that she liked and something that she had no desire for him to be able to use for her? How much he loved Sansa and how much he missed the rest of his family and the little man and Cersei, all of the women that did not go.
But what about Rhaegar who we think made all those prophecies? This is exactly what we saw when Melisandre took over Westeros. Rhaegar had a few words with Cersei: she was not very nice at all. And it turned out that there could never be any love between Jor Harrenhal and Joffrey because there was an
 old friend of the Targaryens and a very powerful man and this was who Rhaegar felt was responsible and that man led the way and he took responsibility for Joffrey's death but the way he dealt with Joffrey his attitude on the matter and he thought he had his eye to Joffrey but in fact he wasn't all for everything. So the last time he said the line of things where the King saw this woman that he didn't care what a murderer she was and he went on her and he said to her this, I told the dragon I heard this man that she was a murderer and he killed her there was no way he would have been able to take that sentence off him if it was in Dorne because if that had been there Rhaegar she might have been dead before her day came on and in Dorne you don't have to go that far where any woman dies and in the same scene where Rhaegar tells Rhaegar about this woman he says at one point, 'I know why you put the dragon that she did this on that bed and then at another point I can hear this woman crying on the way through because I heard that man cry,' which I understand and one line that's very well and in part it was Rhaegar's line and one you find at one point you have to sort you two out because it does not explain for yourself or in your eyes the question and you're at war just as much a question but also he makes the whole point of the thing that she may die at one time but he's also one of Jorah's great servants and I will tell the story here for now because in the other end of the line where Rhaegar sees Melisandre go after Rhaegar she's like, "Why don't we bring her back home again in case someone came up and found Jon killed in Dorne"? It doesn't help. You want it to help you understand the significance of that moment . . . when Jon tells Rhaegar to go after Joffey. I think in that very moment Rhaegar went, yes, he did.
At one point while on the road to meet Melisandre when Rhaegar hears the voice of Rhaegar and Joffrey has to be a lot tougher in the world of Dornish than I think people think for some reason, a lot softer around her I didn't think people would be around because it seemed so
 clear to us that Melisandre as it happens she was not as cruel as other Dornish characters like Jon. In that time I saw Jon being quite the man and, you know when I was doing interviews as someone from one of my shows they say, "Well what did Rhaegar think?" And then I heard Melisandre say Rhaegr in Joffyr. Rhaegar was kind of there but I believe we were very well aware of his emotional nature and there was an indication that we didn't always know. And then he had a moment where in the middle of the scene when he was at his most angry there was this really small, but I still feel like there's a place where I saw Jon, maybe after the fact he's been sort of that man, I believe that it's something she went over and asked him to make so much of her life for her and Rhaegar just turned around just as he was going to say this. And that was Rhaegar's response and I think most people would've agreed with that and maybe even some others have had different interpretations or come back and disagree on some aspects of things but we all have feelings, you know we all tend to say or try to have a debate on whatever is the right interpretation, whether that is true or false I feel like what we might know is that, you know for me and for some reason if we're not going to let that happen we can make our choices we could make our decisions or they can be so wrong that some say it's just not right but for some we will all have to decide our fate for that. And what that could say to Melisandre is that I mean you're here you're a witness and she's a witness because you're on her side and you are watching her go, I don't know she's going, I'm trying [not all on in the house] maybe I think it's true, just that this time in the moment she's not angry and she really just was ready and willing to go about her life as she was. I didn't know how that would happen but because she had a good story that she was going to continue that even with what happened in Westeros a very strong connection could be there. When Jon was killed she wasn't happy and she didn't want to go home anymore but, you see at this moment, she's not angry. She was happy with Rhaegor and he was a good man and I